docs: add missing flag to d1 migrations list (#17369)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/commands.mdx

  - The name of the D1 database you wish to list unapplied migrations for.
- `--local` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />
  - Show the list of unapplied migration files on your locally persisted D1 database.
- `--remote` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="(default: false) optional" />

>   - Execute any unapplied migrations on your remote D1 database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Show the list of unapplied migration files on your remote D1 database.
```
